THROW
monochrome command skill
grants access to "pick up" and "throw"

pick up
always usable
this unit picks up an adjacent allied unit, and equips them as a weapon.
all other turn-ending commands are disabled while another unit is picked up, and the command must be retracted or followed by throw for the game to progress.
no turn use

throw
usable when a unit is picked up
target a walkable tile at two range and throw picked up unit to it. if an enemy is on that tile, perform an attack and bounce the thrown unit back if they do not land on an empty tile
full turn use


BLITZ
coloured command skill
grants access to "blitz";
this unit targets and attacks two units at once. they both counterattack
full turn use


BREAK
coloured offensive skill
skill% chance when enemy starts a flurry
take zero damage from the current flurry, and respond with a single attack with triple power.


COUNTER
monochrome passive skill
return damage from the first attack in any combat


VANTAGE
monochrome passive skill
its vantage(+)


PERIL
monochrome passive skill
extra attack when at less than half hp


GHOST
coloured passive skill
capable of standing in the same tile as other units.


LINK
coloured command skill
grants access to "link";
link an adjacent unit. linked units share damage taken and healed. any amount of targets can be linked at once.
lock movement and all other commands on use


+1
monochrome passive skill
flurries include one more attack


BLEED
coloured passive skill
after attacking a unit, for the rest of combat, that unit takes damage when attacking.


COMPOUND
monochrome passive skill
within a flurry, increase damage by one after each attack.


FIBBONACCI
coloured passive skill
damage is equal to the first step in the fibbonacci sequence. increase step by one each attack, and reset after combat.


WEASEL
monochrome offensive skill
skill% chance after enemy's attack
end combat if the damage you've taken is greater than the damage you've dealt.


STICKY BOMB
monochrome offensive skill
skill% chance to attach a sticky bomb when hitting. sticky bombs explode when combat ends, dealing the amount of damage dealt when attaching them.